---
layout: post
title: Purchase Typora
author: typora.io
category: purchase
tags: [purchase, activation, faq]
typora-root-url: ../../
typora-copy-images-to: ../../media/purchase
---

> For activation / trial related questions, please [click here](/activation).

Table of Contents:

* Outline
{:toc}

# Basic

## What is Typora's pricing plan?

It is one-time payment, not subscription.

A Typora license is granted to the "user", which can be activated on up to 3 devices from one person for one license with no expiration time.

You will have 15 days to evaluate Typora for free before purchasing a license code. If you're not satisfied with Typora for any reason, you will be able to get a full refund within 30 days from the license purchase.

# Purchase related

## Does you offer a free trial?

Yes, we offer a 15-day free trial for the stable version, during which you can test and evaluate Typora.

## How to purchase Typora?

Please open our [homepage](https://typora.io), click `Purchase` from the right top navigation bar, and then click `Purchase` button in purchase area to order a Typora license. A checkout screen will appear to accept the payment information. You can change the currency to use and fill in the necessary information to continue with the payment.

After the purchase you will see the license code, and both the license code and the link to your invoice will be sent to your mailbox.

## How to use my currency (USD, RMB, etc…) ?

On the payment screen, you will need to select your country / region first to continue payment.

Changing the region will result in a change of currency and taxes and therefore the final price will be slightly different.

## I cannot successfully purchase

- Try disabling AdBlock on the checkout page and refresh it.
- Try using your personal email address, do not use a private or temporary email address.
- Try to disable VPN or proxy.

## How do I use a coupon code?

After click purchase button on the above checkout screen, you can paste your coupon code into the text entry with the "Coupon Code" title / placeholder inside of it. Please remember to **click the "Apply"** button right after. The price will be updated after applying the coupons.

## How do I purchase multiple licenses?

In th Typora website you can click the "+" button or click the product count ("x1") number to edit how many licenses to buy.

Also, on the payment screen, you can click the "cart" icon and then modify the product count.

## Is there bulk licenses or licenses for organizations?

We currently does not offer bulk license (one license code that can activate large amount of devices), if you have many users who wants to use Typora, you will need to buy multiple licenses for them. You can refer [How to purchase multiple licenses ?](https://support.typora.io/purchase#how-to-purchase-multiple-licenses-) to purchase number of licenses based on your organizations, one license code can be used for one user on at most 3 devices. If one user has more than 3 devices, you will need to buy extra licenses for him / her.

## Can I use Typora for free ?

You will have a 15-day free trial before the purchase. If you use the dev version or the Linux version, you will have much longer trial time if you keep Typora updated. However, we may show a "trial button", disable certain features or shorten trial time in the future, but most functions will be kept.

You may also [contact us](mailto:store@typora.io) for a free license or a discount if you have contributed to Typora, including accepted [translations](https://github.com/typora/Typora-i18n), [themes](https://github.com/typora/typora-theme-gallery), bug reports (being the first to report a certain bug), reviews on your post, etc. 

In fact, we have sent coupon codes to contributors if their email address is found on their Github profile page. If you have contributed to Typora, please check your inbox and spam folder before contacting us.

## Distributors and Resellers

2Checkout (Verifone) and FastSpring are our official distributors, you can purchase Typora via 2Checkout or FastSpring on <https://typora.io>, <https://store.typora.io> and <https://typoraio.cn >. 

For resellers, 数码荔枝 (DIGITALYCHEE TECHNOLOGY CO LTD) is our only and exclusive [official partner](https://typora.io/lizhi) in China, you could purchase Typora at [their store](https://store.lizhi.io/site/products/id/520?cid=lpuwt9hw). 

## How to check if my order is proceeded by 2Checkout or FastSpring?

2Checkout (Verifone) and FastSpring are our official distributors, if you purchase Typora before 2022-04-03, then it is handled by FastSpring, else it is handled by 2Checkout.

You could also search the invoice / fulfillment mail after purchase, the mail also contains the distributor info.

# Tax Related

## How to input VAT number?

After click "purchase", firstly, please choose your country, then if your country is supported, there will be an "input VAT number" field, you can click and input there.

If you meet any trouble, please contact <pay@2checkout.com>.

## How to request tax or VAT/GST refund?

Please contact [pay@2checkout.com](mailto:pay@2checkout.com).

## How to request tax-exempt order ?

Please refer <https://verifone.cloud/docs/2checkout/Documentation/07Commerce/Taxes/Tax-exemption-for-US-shoppers>. 

# Order Related

## I have not received my receipt

After purchase, Typora will send a receipt to your email address.

If you do not receive the receipt, please wait a while and check your spam.

If you still can't find it, contact <pay@2checkout.com>.

## How to get the invoice? 

After purchase, Typora will send you a receipt to your email address, with the product name, license code, price, order reference, and a link to the invoice with the title `View Invoice`.

If you do not receive the receipt, please wait a little while and check your junk mail.

If you still did not received it, please check it on <https://secure.2co.com/myaccount/> (for orders paid via 2checkout) or <https://typora.onfastspring.com/account> (for orders paid via FastSpring).

## How do I get the order number (order reference)?

After purchase, Typora will send a receipt to your email address with the product name, license code, price, order reference and a link to the invoice with the title "View Invoice".

If you cannot find it, please check it on <https://secure.2co.com/myaccount/> (for orders paid via 2checkout) or <https://typora.onfastspring.com/account> (for orders paid via FastSpring).

## How to download or get my invoice in PDF format?

Please find your invoice on <https://secure.2co.com/myaccount/> (for orders paid via 2checkout) or <https://typora.onfastspring.com/account> (for orders paid via FastSpring).

## Can I get my money back (refund)?

We are sorry that you don't want to keep Typora. You can get a refund within 30 days of your purchase.

Firstly, please search the invoice / fulfillment email our distributor sent you after the purchase. 

If the email is sent from FastSpring, then please goes to <https://fastspring.com/consumer-support-form/> or a refund. 

If the email is sent from 2Checkout, please goes to <https://secure.2co.com/myaccount/> select your order and make a refund. 

If you still have troubles on it, please contact <pay@2checkout.com>.

Please note that if your purchased number is more than 2, and we found those license key you bought are already activated using different email addresses, we would reject the refund to protect the real end users, unless that are deactivated or not used, or you can prove you are the only end user.

## I have other questions...

Please check <https://secure.2co.com/support/section.php> or contact [pay@2checkout.com](mailto:pay@2checkout.com) for order / purchase related issues.

For questions related to licensing/activation, please see [Activate Typora](/activation).

For software usage isse, please contact <hi@typora.io>.
